Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
The morning sun slowly bathed
the surroundings in light.
Jessica woke up feeling refreshed
in a camp in the middle of Africa.
She looked around.
the group she traveled with
was still sound asleep.
They were tired from the long trek
through the forest yesterday.
Their two local African guides
were preparing breakfast.
Jessica grabbed her toothbrush
and walked towards
the sound of the nearby stream.
Along the way.
she looked up at the tall trees.
She saw a flock of gibbons flying by.
As she walked a few more steps.
she saw a beautiful.
but unusual-looking forest butterfly
that she had never seen before.
The farther she walked away from the camp.
the more she appreciated
the beauty of this forest.
...Sukhumvit Station.
Doors will open on the right.
You will be able to transfer
to other stations at this stop.
Good morning. Mr. Joe.
All documents and customer letters
have been translated into English.
Right there. sir.
Okay.
And did you call Mr. Sompong yet?
I did. The meeting is at his company
at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow.
No. I asked you to set it up
the day after tomorrow. 4:00 p.m..
at the factory.
I'll call to change the date and time.
Oh. today.
please call the restaurant.
Methavalai Sorndaeng.
to book a table for four at 7:00 p.m.
In the afternoon. tell Vinai
to bring my dog home from the vet.
Then. go to my home and bring my mother
to the restaurant.
Sure. Book Methavalai restaurant
for 7:00 p.m.
Ask Vinai to bring your mom home
from the vet.
and bring your dog to the restaurant.
Yes. and let my dog order the food.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Afternoon. have Vinai pick up
your dog from the vet
and then take your mom to the restaurant.
Understood.
Wait.
Next Sunday. you'll come
with me to Shanghai for a meeting.
Book the tickets and hotel accommodations.
You can fly with me
and we'll stay at the same hotel
for easier communication.
All right.
Production will meet your specs.
Don't worry.
they can produce the quantity we need.
What do you think?
We can sign the contract next week.
Try the steamed fish.
I prefer duck.
I LOVE SHANGHAI
Sorry. sorry.
Hello. Mr. Ma.
Hello.
Are you Ricky?
Yes.
I have a very precious
and rare antique item.
You might be interested.
Qing dynasty vase.
It's ancient. at least 250 years old.
Where did you get it?
A desert island near Chengxi.
I went out on a limb to get it.
How much?
One million yuan.
Went out on a limb?
Why are you laughing?
I'm not going to buy it.
Why not?
Is it too expensive?
The price is negotiable.
If you think it's too expensive.
then... 900.000.
No.
-800.000.
-No.
Here. final deal.
-700.000.
-No.
-500.000.
Are you messing with me?
No.
-Come again?
-Are you?
It's not about the price.
But this vase...
It's fake.
Now you're offending me.
-Do you think I'm trying to trick you?
-Yes.
The glaze is too smooth.
The Qing Dynasty vases
have uniqueness
with emboldened patterns.
This is definitely...
Thai craftmanship.
It's survived years of wind and sun.
It's old. isn't it?
It's too narrow at the bottom.
and the top is too wide.
You're overanalyzing.
-And its color...
-...was a new and innovative design.
Take your things and leave.
Empress Dowager Cixi's hairpin...
definitely authentic.
No less than 2 million yuan.
You can have it
for 1 million yuan.
This is also fake.
Mirror quality.
How can you say it's fake?
Leave right now.
If you don't. I'll throw you out.
Well. you can try.
How long have you been there?
Want a fight? Train for 10 more years!
Hey!
You think I'm scared?
This vase is at least 250 years old.
I really need the money right now.
I'll sell it at a low price. uncle.
How much?
-One million yuan.
-Hell no!
This is obviously fake.
-You can tell just by looking?
-I can tell from your face.
You always come here with fakes.
We've known each other for so long.
Really?
All right. I'll buy it.
I'll use it as a flower vase.
20.000 yuan.
-500!
-What?
What a rip-off. uncle!
I won't buy it then.
All right. give it to me.
Damn stingy old man.
wait until I get my turn.
Why the English? I don't care.
Uncle.
Hey. you. let's talk.
Are you Thai?
Yes. I am.
Sorry. I didn't know.
Uncle.
-Hey. I saw these figurines first.
-And?
I was gonna buy them.
but you just took one.
I'm going to buy it too.
I was gonna buy it first.
What? It was there. so I took it.
Here. I took this one first.
They are a pair. you see?
Oh. it's a pair?
-Perfect. I'll...
-No.
I'm going to buy them both as a pair.
I saw them first.
Okay. I'll take just one.
It's not okay. I want them both.
Nonsense.
Uncle. how much?
How much is it?
No. they're sold as a pair.
-How much for both?
-2.000 yuan.
That's expensive.
-100 yuan.
-No!
These are handmade.
and not available on the market anymore.
They have been passed down
for a hundred years.
Don't exaggerate.
Look at the colors.
Observe the craftsmanship.
Doesn't it look like century-old work?
Are you sure?
Qing dynasty seal. Emperor Guangxu's.
And this?
-Made for Zhang Bao Lin.
-Who's that?
Listen.
More than a century ago...
in a small village in Hunan province.
there was a notorious thief named
Zhang Bao Lin.
According to legend.
he had a big black beard.
He led a ruthless gang
of black-bearded bandits.
Law enforcement tried to catch him
but never succeeded.
People were terrified.
These two items
were inherited from
Zhang Bao Lin's family.
Quite a brag.
Handed down from generation to generation.
-200 yuan.
-Deal.
Two for 400 yuan.
You sell it that easy?
I only want half.
Cut it in half? It's not a swordfish.
It's sold as a pair.
400 yuan.
For 200 yuan each. a total of 400.
I didn't say I'd buy them yet.
Didn't you see me negotiating the price?
What now?
If you don't want it. give it to me.
Here.
Can you lend me a hundred?
What?
I'll pay you back.
We're both Thai. Why are you so mean?
Come on.
The price was a thousand. I negotiated.
Just a hundred. don't be mean.
I'll pay you back.
Here you go.
Can I sit here?
Hey. you.
What a coincidence!
All the tables are taken.
Hey. what are you eating?
With all of these options.
you ordered tofu?
And what's this? Ear's wax? Useless.
Waitress. special combo A!
Wait and see my order.
What did you order?
Be patient. Why are you so curious?
Are you on vacation?
I'm here for work.
What kind of work?
Secretary.
Shouldn't you be in the office?
Why are you here?
I'm here with my boss.
You ask too many questions.
Why are you so curious?
So. you live here?
For a few years.
I've been to many places.
I go wherever I want.
So. where were you before this?
Many places. Why all the questions?
-Try this.
-No.
Try it and tell me if it's good.
Go ahead. it's good stuff.
Better than this earwax.
All right?
How is it?
Yeah. it's good.
See. I told you it's good.
If you want some. order it yourself.
How long are you here for?
Four days.
Where are you staying?
A hotel around here.
Shanghai Grand?
How would he know?
Whoa. you're rich! It's expensive there.
I'm here with my boss.
Are you his mistress?
No! Are you crazy?
Oh. who knows? In the movies.
they often show secret romances.
What's your name?
-Joy.
-I'm Ricky.
-Just call me Rick.
-Like Ricky Martin?
Funny. huh?
Heng.
Ricky Heng.
That's funnier.
Is Chow here?
You have the money?
Good. I don't have to go after you.
This morning. Mr. Ting was asking
when you'd pay the debt.
It's one day past due.
Well. there were some technical issues.
I'm here to ask
if I can pay in installments.
I'll definitely pay my debt.
You're quite cunning.
All right.
I'll just sell your car.
Take it easy.
I only owe a couple of thousand.
My car is worth a lot more.
I didn't know
what I sold to Mr. Ting was fake.
You can't blame me.
Why don't you sell your car
and pay off your debt?
I already told you.
I'm not selling this one.
Should I cut off a finger?
Why cut your own finger?
Your finger. asshole!
Why the hell would I cut off
my own finger?
I'll give you six days.
Fine. seven.
-Well. eight.
-Is nine okay?
All right. two weeks and I'll pay in full.
Fine.
Two weeks.
If you can't pay it back by then.
I'll disassemble your car
and sell the parts.
I'll cut your fingers and toes
and turn you into Doraemon.
So ruthless. you shitface.
-What did you say?
-Nothing.
Fine then.
Two weeks?
Back to work! What are you doing?
Don't have work to do?
I'll have you clean toilets.
HAPPINESS HUT
From the president.
No. I don't drink.
It's from the president...
-I never drink...
-Just once a year.
-I don't drink.
-Once a year.
-Not often.
-But...
But I...
-Bottoms up!
All of the liquor is gone.
Let me open it. Mr. Joe.
Easy...
Holy shit!
-Is the president dead?
-Are you okay?
Oh. no. right in the middle.
hitting the Yintang acupoint.
-Fifteen. you lost.
-Twenty.
Hey!
God damn it!
You embarrassed me tonight.
I'm sorry.
How long have you worked for me?
About 10 months.
In these 10 months.
you've been making small mistakes
the whole time.
But do you know why you're still employed?
Because I like you.
You are really beautiful. Joy.
I can take care of you.
No matter what you want
or how much you need each month.
Seems like size 39.
You want 39.000?
Why did you kick me?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to talk to you.
I won't talk to you like this.
-Then get out.
-Sure!
Then I fucking quit!
Fine. get out... Yes. ma'am.
-Hello.
I'm looking for my Thai friend
who's staying here.
-A Thai?
-Yes.
Do you have an appointment?
No. I don't.
She'll want to see me.
Sorry. I can't provide you
with our client's information.
-Yes. you can.
-No. I can't.
I cannot. really.
You can.
I really can't.
There she is.
She's here.
Hey.
Are you leaving now?
Yeah. I guess.
Can I talk to you?
Two hot teas. please.
Listen.
Do you still have that figurine?
Yes.
Will you sell it to me? I'll give you 400.
Fine. 500 then.
You only paid 200. so it's a 300 profit.
But I'll pay you over time.
No. I won't sell it.
Why?
Please. I need it.
I just need it.
But I don't want to sell it.
I'm sorry.
-I have to go to the airport.
-Wait. wait.
-Sit down. please.
-What?
All right.
What's that?
Before I came to you.
I broke my figurine
and I found this inside.
-A map?
-A treasure map.
-What treasure map?
-I don't know.
What?
But my hunter's instincts tell me
it must be a valuable treasure.
What instincts?
Hunter.
Why are you laughing?
No. nothing.
Look. this is only part of the map.
There must be another part to complete it.
And you think it's in my figurine?
Yes.
Really?
Looks like it.
Let's break it.
-And what if nothing is inside?
-Then nothing.
Just like that?
You never know.
Nah.
Why not?
Listen...
if you break it and the map is there.
we'll go hunt for the treasure together
and split it 70/30.
-Who gets 70?
-Me.
That's cheating.
Fine. 50/50 then.
Do you really believe
that there are real treasures?
Someone might have just made it up.
Who would make up something like this?
Remember that seller?
He got it from Black Beard's village.
I did my research
about the Black Beard bandit.
He stole treasures
and hid them over 100 years ago.
I believe that this map
will lead us to those treasures.
And I have no choice.
I only have two weeks.
I need money.
Actually. I need money too.
I just got fired.
Why?
I kicked my boss in the face.
Are you serious?
You're not lying to me?
No.
Let's try then.
My cup broke again?
Why can't you eat quietly?
Sorry. Sorry.
Why would you hit it on the table?
There. you see?
That's right.
Damn! What's the big secret?
Just an old painting. What's all the fuss?
As if it's something valuable.
Lift your legs.
What's the big deal?
As if it's a treasure!
Who would want that?
I guess you'll have to stay.
I'll find you a budget hotel.
Come on. sis.
Just two nights. please help out.
Give her a special price.
You still owe me from before.
I'll pay this month.
Pay early next time.
Thank you. big sister.
That's how she is. Come on.
How is it?
Do I have a choice?
Good. don't be picky.
You don't have money.
Here. give me your map.
Where do you think the remaining part is?
If these were in the figurines.
the rest should be
in another figurine too.
That's right.
Why didn't I think of that?
It's not that hard.
What figurine though?
And is it even real?
Or someone else might have found it
and already discovered the treasure?
The X-mark should be in the missing part.
Since what we have
doesn't show the hiding spot.
No. it's not.
This map is not like
a regular treasure map.
This kind of map must start here.
Follow this line to another spot
and you'll get here.
You can't find the treasure
if you're missing any part of the map.
What do we do?
We have to find the missing part
of the map.
Let's try.
You can leave if you're chickening out
but then I get to keep the map.
What if the other figurine
was bought by a German.
and it's now in Germany or Africa
or Syria. or somewhere else?
Fine. let's give up.
What? You're just gonna quit?
What do you want then?
What I said was possible.
I don't know that.
Let me sleep on it.
-What?
-What are you doing?
Taking a photo of it.
No. what if you leave me?
What are you talking about?
I'm doing my own research.
Trust me.
Even though I seem untrustworthy.
I always keep my promises.
Let's talk tomorrow.
I'm right next door. Call me if anything.
And don't ditch me. We're partners now.
I know where Zheng Kun in the map is.
-Where?
-Fenghuang.
Zheng Kun is the old name of Fenghuang
a hundred years ago.
I did research last night.
Fenghuang is located in Hunan.
near Zhang Bao Lin's hometown.
The Black Beard gang
used to hide in the nearby jungle.
Wow. that's a lot of details.
Yup. I burnt the midnight oil.
Here. the word "dragon's heart"
might refer to hidden treasure.
That's all I know.
I don't know what's next.
-What?
-We'll figure it out.
Let's head to Fenghuang first.
Are you sure?
Of course.
Did you get any sleep though?
No. this is nothing.
I can stay up for three or four days.
Yes. sir.
I'm full.
I have no money.
I'm lost.
-I'm last.
-Not that.
I'm lost.
Bro. let's take a break.
I have a headache. This is too difficult.
Stop complaining already.
If you don't practice now. then when?
You'll fail the test.
Why did he send us here to study Chinese?
On the bright side.
it's a free trip to study here.
And you get to see beautiful places.
It's fun for a while
but it gets boring being here for months.
Look at it this way.
it's like going back to school
like we were kids.
I spent my time playing snooker all day.
That's why you're stupid.
Because you didn't study.
you ended up being a bouncer.
That's all you can do.
There's no future in that.
As if you were a good student.
You can't say that.
I was good. I have a vocational education.
You know nothing.
But you just got out of jail.
You are worse.
That's another story.
The boss must have a plan for us.
You'll get to deal with foreigners.
Have you ever seen it on TV?
The government
even sends officials to work abroad.
Our boss has watched
too many gangster movies.
What do you want?
Do you want to be a shitty thug
like before?
Listen. if we go back as thugs.
we'll be thugs who can speak Chinese.
Isn't that cool?
Cool?
Yeah.
Let's find something to do.
Check. please?
Hurry up.
You're good.
-Hurry up.
-Quick learner.
Hurry up.
Not bad.
Hey.
Who threw the cigarette butt down there?
What did he say? I don't get it.
Can you speak English? Try again.
I'm asking you
who threw the cigarette butt?
It landed on my head.
What does that mean "toa"? Look it up.
Okay. now speak.
-Again.
-"Toa..."?
I'm asking you. Can't you understand?
What did he say?
Yes.
Let's just say "yes."
They are messing with me.
Yes. That's a "yes."
-What do you want? Say it.
-Hey.
-Mee Sua...
-"Ni" not "Mee".
You say. I don't understand.
Did I drop it on his head. bro?
Yes.
Calm down.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
What are you laughing at?
Do you know who I am?
He said "I'm sorry."
He apologized to you. Get it?
Go. Go.
Go away. I don't want to fight.
Just say sorry. and think that's it?
You won't let go. huh? Wait.
I hope you get well soon.
I learned those words. Happy now?
Hey! My jacket!
You're always looking for trouble.
I went to jail in Thailand.
You want me to go to jail here?
Well?
-Let's go.
-Before the police come.
Pay him.
How much?
Now he can speak English.
I don't like free stuff. Let's go.
You think you're a badass?
-Wait up.
-What now?
I forgot my cell phone.
I slipped because of you.
Damn it.
I have enough troubles in Thailand.
now I have more in China.
Are we there yet?
This hotel is so far. So many steps too.
I'm starving.
-We're here.
-Finally.
Stop complaining.
Where are we going?
To see my friend.
I think we need one more on our team.
Someone who knows the terrain
and can read the symbols.
maps and Chinese characters.
Who is your friend?
Jackie...
Chan?
Why would I bring in Jackie Chan?
It's my friend Jackie.
How would I know?
We'd be lost with Jackie Chan.
Jackie has been in China
for over 10 years.
His language. communication.
and terrain skills should help us.
I don't mean to brag.
but when it comes to language.
I'm an expert of both modern
and ancient Chinese.
I can also speak nine other languages.
What are they?
Thai. Chinese. English. French. Spanish.
Italian. Japanese. Arabic. and African.
all dialects. you name it.
Wow. Can you show me some?
Which one?
How about French?
French...
How about Spanish?
More?
Italian.
Japanese.
African.
-Arabic.
-That's enough.
Apart from being a language expert.
I also have another special skill.
What is it?
I can talk to animals.
Really?
If you don't believe me. I'll show you.
He said he is fine and sleepy.
He didn't say a thing.
It's my special skill.
Mr. Ricky.
People call me Jackie the Animal.
What happened to your eye?
I was shot with a .22 caliber.
Wanna see it?
He is skilled in disguise.
This is real.
Be it the jungle. the terrain.
I know them all quite well.
I'm sure I can help both of you.
Well...
We want to know where this is.
-Do you know?
-Yes.
-Just by looking?
-Yeah.
-Where is it?
-Xiao Xan village.
But this is not free.
I need to get a cut.
Can we leave tomorrow?
Of course.
I'll pick you up in the morning.
Jackie.
This is a secret between us.
Don't tell anyone.
Come on. keep going.
I won.
Give me the money.
Hey.
Can I talk to you?
What is it?
I want to put the treasure maps together.
Tomorrow when we travel to the village...
Stop talking.
what if they can understand us?
I'm on a winning streak.
We'll talk later. Go on.
Hey. come. come. come.
Cheers.
May I sit with you?
You're Thai?
Yes.
May I sit with you?
-Go ahead.
-Thank you.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for work.
Here at Fenghuang?
No. in Shanghai.
And what are you doing here?
I mean here in Fenghuang.
I'm on vacation.
How about you? What are you doing here?
I'm a fugitive.
What's the crime?
Murder.
I'm joking.
I already went to jail for that.
I came here after I got out.
It's not like that.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
I have some free days.
so I'm visiting here.
Oh. I see.
Have you ever tasted local rice wine?
No. I haven't.
Hey. miss.
A bottle of Nuerhong.
This is yours.
Nice to meet you. Miss...?
I'm Joy.
I'm Charlie.
And I'm...
Ricky.
Are you together?
Yes. we are together.
I have to apologize.
I just saw that Joy
has been sitting alone for a while.
So I just wanted to keep her company.
The more. the merrier.
Is it just the two of you?
Just the two of us.
How about you?
I have a friend with me.
There he is.
Hey. Steve.
Are you both Thai?
I heard you speak Thai at the card table.
Don't worry. Everything's okay.
May I?
Let's drink.
What a douche.
Where are you planning to visit?
Just around here. nothing special.
No. No. No.
I heard that you're going to a village.
Is there a village worth visiting here?
Xiao Xan village.
Xiao Xan village. Where is it?
What's so special about it?
We're going there for business.
I'm sorry. what kind of business?
Sorry. but it's none of your concern.
I'm sorry for intruding
but I heard that in the old days.
there was a group of bandits
called the Black Beards
and they hid in a village in this area.
The leader raided many places
and got many treasures.
But in the end.
almost all of it was seized.
There are some incredibly
valuable treasures
that have not been found until now.
Rumor has it.
these treasures are hidden
near the village
they used as their hideout.
Have you ever heard this story?
I haven't.
No. Where did you hear it from?
Never mind.
It could be a made-up story.
But if it's true. we still don't know
where to find these treasures.
Unless someone knows where they're hidden
or there's a treasure map.
But there isn't.
Sounds like a movie.
Some movies are based on a true story.
When I first walked in.
I saw that you were looking at a map.
What is the map of?
It's a map of the town here.
I see. a map of the town.
By the way. what are you two doing here?
I don't think it's any of your business.
My brother here is a funny man.
Don't mind him.
We're just tourists like you guys.
Please.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Excuse me.
I think we should get going.
We have to get up early. right?
Good luck.
Remember me?
I don't want any trouble!
I'm sorry.
When I was drunk.
I may have talked a bit too much.
Will we really get there with this?
Of course. BJ 2023.
chosen by the Chinese army.
Very durable.
It has taken us all over the country.
Don't you worry.
-Why did you stop?
-I think...
it broke down.
BJ what?
BJ 2023. chosen by the Chinese army.
Seems like we'll have to walk.
How far?
We've come quite far already.
It's farther if we go back.
You can't wheel it
like you're at the airport.
You'll end up leaving it halfway through.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Take only what you need.
What are you doing?
Keeping it hidden.
What for?
It might get stolen.
Who would steal it? Monkeys?
Zombies.
BJ 2023...
Enough. Let's go.
Stop.
-Why?
-I'm tired.
Again? You can't keep stopping
every 100 meters.
But I'm tired.
What a burden.
Do you exercise at all?
Look at you. you think we're shopping?
So difficult.
The rest of us have no issues.
Yeah.
I don't think we can go any farther.
It's almost dark
and it's going to rain soon.
Let's find shelter.
Are there hotels around here?
Just kidding.
This is your fault.
You stopped to rest so often
that we couldn't make it very far.
That's not fair.
Jackie couldn't walk either.
What are you doing?
-It's for grilling chicken.
-What chicken?
-You brought a chicken?
-I'm well-prepared.
-The whole chicken?
-Yes.
-Are you thirsty?
-Why?
Just picked this or brought it from home?
From home.
Coconut juice.
So refreshing. good for young ladies.
Trust me.
No.
Just a little bit.
What a waste.
Are you okay?
Seriously...
have you ever gone hiking
or done something like this before?
It doesn't seem like you have.
Evidently. you seem to be
just a cute little secretary.
I was a workaholic when I was in Thailand.
A salary woman.
I had no time to go on vacation.
Did you like your job?
Not all the time.
Why did you stick with it then?
But you kicked your boss. right?
Now you're fired.
You're free now.
Yes.
Now when you go back.
you can do whatever you want.
Anything you want.
It's not that easy.
I'm still in debt.
To do what I want.
I need money.
So I still have to work.
So when you go back.
you'll find a new job?
-I suppose.
-Though you won't be happy doing it?
I guess.
So boring.
Oh. hey.
Sometimes. we can't always
choose to do what we want.
People these days only think of freedom.
They only want to do what they like.
We can't all be successful doing that.
What do you like then?
Awkward.
Damn it.
Did you smoke all of it?
All gone.
While you were talking.
"What do you like then?"
I never asked you...
About?
How did you end up in China?
I wanted Khanom Chin. so I came here.
Khanom Chin?
They don't have it here.
Yeah. I misunderstood.
Seriously.
How did you end up here?
I travel all over.
I've lived in many countries.
I'm just here longer this time.
Why stay here so long?
Why don't you go somewhere else?
You said you like traveling?
Or you met a girl here?
Why do you search for treasures now?
When I first got here.
I had a Chinese girlfriend.
She sold her family's old treasures.
She made so much money
and it got my attention. that's all.
See. it's because of a girl.
-Have you found any?
-What?
Cool treasure.
If I did. why would I be sitting here?
Think about it.
Then let me ask you this.
If we got lucky
and found treasures from this map.
what would you spend it on?
I'd get my car back.
Then I'll drive it around.
Go wherever I want to go.
Stay here as long as I want.
That's it.
Don't you want to go back?
I don't know why I'd go back.
You seem to value freedom.
Why do you need to get back your old car?
If you have money.
why not just buy a new one?
It was my dad's car.
He drove it around the world.
He went everywhere
and it's the only thing he left me.
I don't know where he is now.
What about you?
Hey.
She's asleep.
Are these mushrooms edible?
Yes. I picked them myself. Want some?
A little.
Yuck!
This is bitter.
-Those are magic mushrooms. Don't eat it.
-What?
Shit. how did I get these?
I already ate it. what should I do?
It should be okay.
Right? You only had a little.
Watch your step.
Is this Xiao Xan village?
What should we do. Rick?
We should ask the locals
if they recognize the figurines.
If we're lucky.
we might find the last figurine here.
Have you ever seen a figurine like this?
A cat figurine.
Yes.
I've seen it.
Where have you seen it?
Anyway. where have you seen it?
According to our village's tradition.
when you enter the village.
you have to drink three cups.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
She is not well.
I'll drink on her behalf.
Now. can you tell us?
Each... drinks three cups.
Can we skip this?
Of course.
-How can a villager have a gun?
-Right?
It's a custom-made pistol.
For bird shooting.
Don't tell anyone.
Damn. how many cups has it been?
Don't know. I lost count.
Drink more.
You are our guests now.
Tonight.
we celebrate our annual celebration.
You have to stay and celebrate with us.
Celebration?
I see. All right. all right.
But where can we stay?
You can stay here. Don't worry.
He can understand Thai.
When we are drunk.
we can understand everything.
Hey.
So. where did you see the cat figurine?
What cat figurine?
What?
Cat figurine? I've seen it.
When I was a kid...
So how many years?
Should be around...
over 40 years ago.
He can understand Thai again.
He's smart.
Try to think of where you saw it.
A cat figurine.
Where did you see it?
I can't remember.
Can't remember?
I drank
until I couldn't see straight. Wang.
Let me think.
I can't remember now
but...
why do you ask?
We are antique collectors.
That's right.
Oh. really?
Jackie is a millionaire antique collector.
Yes. since I was this little.
First. I collected postal stamps.
After that. World Cup cards.
Then CDs. and secondhand shoes.
Finally. nowadays. I collect antiques.
What did you say?
That's my daughter.
Mei Qing.
What do you know about Zhang Bao Lin?
Of course I know him.
He was the leader
of the Black Beard bandits.
This village
is built by him.
We still keep
the house he lived in.
-Where is it?
-Over there.
I got it.
Zhang Bao Lin...
When he got up. I asked him again.
He can't seem to remember anything.
He also asked the others.
Nobody knows a thing. Rick.
Where is Joy?
We celebrate this every year.
You've come on the right day.
I'm sure you'll like it.
This is Zhang Bao Lin's house.
It's permanently closed.
Nobody is allowed in.
Zhang Bao Lin's house.
Could it be inside the house?
Jackie.
Zhang Bao Lin's house.
-Find anything?
-Nope.
Me neither.
-We'll find one if we stay longer.
-The figurine?
Ghosts.
Now is not the time.
Hey. check this out.
Shit.
Shit. this is...
Toon.
Zhang Bao Lin! This is his home.
Why would Toon be in China?
Why is there no clue here at all?
The figurine might not be here.
It might have been sold already.
Nobody would have known.
Where have you been?
I've been looking for you.
Let's go.
You'll miss the performance
of Xiao Xan 48.
What is it?
Xiao Xan 48.
Is Mei Qing a member?
She is the captain.
Awesome.
She's my daughter after all.
Let's go.
So pretty.
Who is pretty?
Well. they are pretty.
I was pretty too.
I was the village's beauty queen.
Since I married you. I look like this now.
Wait till you get home.
She's going.
-She's jealous.
-Yeah.
I remember.
What?
I remember where I saw the figurine.
Where is it?
Wake up.
Where?
I may have seen it at the shrine
Zhang Bao Lin built behind the village.
Mei Qing.
Have you eaten yet?
Come on. Rick. I'm asking her out.
Find it?
No.
Damn. we've come so far.
If all three figurines were together.
but they were apart when they were sold.
that means somebody bought it already.
Or if the other two were stolen.
the third one must still be here.
Or was it stolen again later on?
So many possibilities. I'm confused.
Hey. That's Zhang Bao Lin's wife.
Zhao Cao Qian.
Or are there actually only two figurines?
From the picture at his house.
there are two children.
Or he made a figurine for each child
and each has a part of the treasure map.
I see. Each treasure map
will bring the children back here.
If we put them together.
it will tell us the hidden spot
of the third map.
Jack.
What's this?
It means a sign.
And this?
Mother.
Sign and mother.
-Mother's left behind.
-Poor thing.
She was left raising two kids.
That's a widow.
The sign.
The sign of mother!
It is in there.
Hey. this is serious.
Hey.
There.
Like a comedy.
The third part of the treasure map.
You are the best.
So smart. Like Forrest Gump.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Hey.
I have seen this mountain. It's nearby.
What is this?
The Night Jungle.
Wang.
Uncle Wang.
Do you know the Night Jungle?
The Night Jungle?
What the hell is that?
Is there a jungle around here
with that name?
I'm not sure.
You are delusional.
Drink.
Let's think about it.
What's your name. son?
You are such a pussy. Jackie.
Your daughter is so pretty.
What a pussy.
Stand still.
And you said don't tell anyone.
But you're firing the gun.
Wanna try?
Hello. everyone.
I have something to tell you.
Today is a good day.
We have to celebrate!
I feel like I'm 14 again.
What the hell?
I shot my leg!
At least it wasn't in a vital spot.
You'll be able to walk soon.
I won't be able to continue.
You two just go ahead.
I'm sorry that I can't help you anymore.
Even if I go with you. I'll be a burden.
Ricky.
Don't forget about my cut.
-We'll entrust him to your care.
-Sure.
And...
do you have a car I can borrow?
Are you sure it's a car?
Come on. it can run.
I can run. why don't you call me a car?
So sarcastic.
It hurts so much.
Right here too.
-Still hurts?
-Yes.
Can you blow here?
Do you remember us?
Where is your friend?
You guys...
Tell us if you don't want to get hurt.
Don't hurt us.
Thank you.
Are you sure we're going the right way?
Who am I supposed to ask now?
The villagers told me it's this way.
I'm following their directions.
Just keep driving. we'll find it.
Believe me.
Stop complaining.
-You complain more than I do.
-What?
This country is so big.
It will be a coincidence if we find them.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Is it the mountain?
What the hell?
Hey. bro. right at the bridge?
Look. is that them?
Let's go.
Let's see.
Hey. that's them.
How did you get here?
Driving. of course.
I see.
Are you on a trip?
What a coincidence.
No. we followed you here.
We want the treasure map.
What treasure map?
High-pitched. you're lying.
We know all about the treasure map.
Give it to us
and we will take it from here.
Hand it over.
Isn't that too convenient?
Just hand it over.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.
Damn it. Steve.
Hey. stop.
Steve. follow them.
-Why did you get in my way?
-Get in.
Shoot them! Shoot!
Where did he learn to swerve?
Hey. stop.
Go faster.
This is the fastest it can go.
Hey.
Hurry up. They're getting away.
-Damn it.
-Steve.
Damn it.
Steve.
-Next time...
-Just a moment.
...find a better car!
No car can handle this road.
A four-wheel drive?
-Money?
-I will give it to you. Shit!
-"I will." But you never do.
-Hurry up.
Where did they go?
This way.
A four-wheeler would've done the job.
-Where are they?
-This way.
We got them.
Come on. Steve.
Follow me.
A bridge this old. if the wood breaks...
No. it won't.
Or it would've been broken already.
Come on.
Let's see.
Hurry up. Just this one.
Hey.
Hang on.
Hurry up. Steve.
Let's go. What's wrong?
-I can't let go.
-Why?
I'm scared of heights.
Damn!
Hold tight. I'll get you.
Wait for me. bro.
Go. Take it easy.
Yeah. like that. Go.
Let's go.
Hey. they're getting away.
Damn it. Missed them again.
Shit!
You can do it.
Close your eyes. Go!
We lost them.
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
But you were shot.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Let's find shelter.
Any hotels around here?
Just kidding.
Let's go.
Be careful.
How did they get here?
Look.
This must be it.
The Night Jungle.
What are you doing?
This is how to do it. I studied this.
Sterilize it.
Where did you study?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
-It will hurt a bit.
-Easy. It's far from my heart.
-Damn it. bitch!
-Hey.
I'm sorry. I wasn't prepared.
Can I continue?
Fuck this. asshole!
Why are you cursing?
I'm sorry. It slipped out of my mouth.
That's enough.
No fighting.
All right.
Why are you laughing?
Remember when I told you
I had a Chinese girlfriend?
When I first got here.
I met her in Shanghai.
We were like two lost people.
How so?
I just got here. I didn't know anything.
She is Chinese.
but she knew nothing about Shanghai.
The thing is.
we were together for a while.
One day. when we were at home.
she said she was going to the mini-mart
to buy some instant noodles.
She never came back.
What?
I haven't seen her since.
Don't know where she went.
Why did she ghost you?
I also want to know.
Never mind. it's been a long time.
What about you?
Anything you'd like to share?
Boyfriend or something?
Nothing.
Isn't that boring?
Beautiful. isn't it?
Incredibly beautiful.
Thanks for taking me with you.
Otherwise. I wouldn't have seen
anything like this.
I actually should apologize.
I brought you to a tough
and dangerous situation.
Come on.
When you wake up tomorrow.
and want to go back.
we can leave. all right?
We are almost there.
We've come this far.
I'm all right. What about you?
Oops. I'm sorry.
It's fine.
Enough. No fighting.
Joy.
I'm going to refill the water
at the stream. I'll be back.
Hey.
Good morning.
I won't disturb your beauty sleep
for too long.
I only have one question.
Where is the treasure map?
Give it to me. and we'll leave.
Or if you don't mind.
you can come with us.
We'd be more than happy.
Let me be frank.
I really like you.
Since I met you at the restaurant.
I wanted to be your friend.
But that day is different from today.
Steve!
Please respect the original artist.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.
Step back. Don't get any closer.
Steve. You handle it.
Aren't you good with sharp objects?
Go on.
-Go on.
-Calm down.
Ouch. I can't.
-What?
-The gun.
You suck.
Why would I risk myself?
Hey.
There you go.
Go.
Where is it?
Found it?
Hey. Hey. Let go.
It's going to tear.
I said it's going to tear!
Shit!
Steve.
Ouch! It hurts.
Get him.
-Steve.
-I got it.
Charlie. I can't.
Damn you.
-Hurry up. Help.
-Enough.
Hey.
Give me the treasure map
and I won't hurt you.
Otherwise. you can die here.
Nobody will find your body.
Someone will find us.
I said nobody. Wanna try me?
Give it to me.
Hurry up.
All right. I surrender.
Who do I give it to?
Give it to me.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
I missed again.
Follow them?
Hey. Steve. Steve.
The map.
Steve.
Damn. custom-made pistol!
Damn it.
What is it?
It fired by accident.
What did you say?
What?
Damn it.
They might stop following us.
Which way do we go?
You burned the map.
I had to.
Don't worry. Here.
When did you take the photos?
From the Night Jungle to the northwest.
we'll find a cave with a waterfall inside.
-Where?
-Cave with waterfall.
Who is that?
I know.
Who are they?
They invaded our territory
and attacked one of our men.
Who are you?
How did you get here?
We're just lost.
Where are you going?
We are only here for a hike.
Nobody comes here to hike.
We do.
We have lived here peacefully
for a long time.
We don't want disturbances
from the outside.
We won't risk letting strangers in
to make this place unsafe.
Tell me...
what should we do with the intruders?
-Kill them.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Gouge out their eyes
so they can't come back.
Gouge out their eyes.
Calm down. Calm down.
-Let them go.
-Good.
And let the tigers eat them.
Let the tigers eat them.
Are you joking?
We aren't barbarians.
Don't hurt them.
If we let you go.
how do we know
that you won't bring us any trouble?
We promise that we won't talk about this.
Tomorrow morning.
you have to leave immediately.
But
since you attacked one of our men.
we'll have to ask him
what he wants to do.
-I want a duel.
-Duel!
What do you say?
Okay.
But I have a champion.
Is he allowed to swap?
If she hadn't helped us.
we'd be in trouble.
She's pretty.
Zu Lin.
Zu Lin is Chief Zhang's daughter.
How do you know her name?
We were together.
Zu Lin.
Where are the noodles?
One year. seven months. 14 days.
Your trip to buy noodles
is a world record.
I finished them a long time ago.
Why didn't you come back?
I didn't think
that we'd meet again.
The world is so big.
how could you be here?
I never thought I'd see you here.
If I wasn't able to see you again.
I wouldn't be able to get closure.
You value freedom.
You have goals in your life.
But I...
I can't join you on that path.
Why?
At the time.
I only wanted to live in the city.
Eventually. I would come back here.
Why didn't you just tell me?
If I did.
would you give up on your dreams for me?
I was also engaged to someone.
We grew up together here.
I wanted to see the world.
that's why I left him here.
But now.
we are married.
Why did you lie to me?
I didn't think I'd come back here.
but it wasn't like that.
I can't forget the past here.
That was the only thing
I lied to you about.
But the feelings I had for you
were real.
I'm sorry.
I ran away without telling you
because I thought that if I did.
you would do anything to stop me.
So I had to leave without telling you.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
It's okay.
Let's continue tomorrow.
She didn't go to buy noodles.
At least I know now. right?
-We're leaving.
-Good luck.
Watch your step.
Must be this cave.
Oh? What is it?
Nothing.
Hey.
This is a dead end.
The map shows that we have to go through
and we will find the Heavenly Reservoir.
Through the cave?
What's that?
A raft.
Hey. there.
Which way?
Let's go here.
It should be out there.
The Heavenly Reservoir.
it could be that one.
There's something here.
Hey.
Dragon's heart.
-We found it!
Dragon's heart!
Hey.
Hand it over now.
Nobody has to get hurt.
How did you get here?
I think we should talk.
No more talking.
Hand it over.
Fine.
How's that?
How's that. bro?
Hurts. doesn't it?
Come here.
Hey.
Shit. Broken again.
Hey. handsome.
Hand it over.
Are you sure you should risk her life?
I don't think it's worth it.
Hand it over to us. Then we'll leave.
We won't hurt you. we promise.
Hand it over.
Do it.
Steve.
Go.
Thank you very much.
See you next time.
Goodbye.
Hand it over.
Give back our jade.
Give it to him.
Go get it.
This jade is ours.
You can go now
and don't come back here again.
I told you. I was in jail in Thailand
and now here too!
I said I'm sorry.
Sorry then what?
Get in the car.
Damn you.
We didn't get any treasures. Damn it.
We didn't get any. so what?
Now we're going to jail.
Say "I'm sorry"?
Wow. you can speak Chinese.
I'm sorry.
Can you apologize?
WELCOME TO SHANGHAI
Hey.
I'm sorry that I failed.
I put you through so much for nothing.
I said don't apologize.
We're partners.
We're both responsible.
Actually. this experience
means more to me.
Are you really going back?
Yeah. I have a lot to take care of
and I have to find a new job.
What about you?
I don't have anything left here.
I guess I'll keep traveling.
Don't go hiking again. okay?
Safe travels. all right?
Safe travels.
I sold your car.
This is what's left.
You might want to keep it.
A client had a look on day six.
Down payment on day seven.
And drove away with it on day eight.
Slacking off again?
Get back to work.
Awesome.
Do you normally eat something like this?
I can now.
Hey. at my friend's company.
she said they have an opening
for a secretary.
Are you interested?
I've been thinking
I don't want to be a secretary anymore.
Why?
I don't want to do something
I don't want to.
I'll be stressed again.
And your credit card debts?
I'll pay in installments.
I'll start selling anything unnecessary
and sell clothes on Instagram.
By the way. I've started writing.
A little bit. I'll send you samples.
What kind of book?
A novel.
Hey.
How did you get here?
I thought you were in Miami.
It's Miami Hotel on Sukhumvit 13.
I'm staying there.
I see.
I thought you weren't coming back
to Thailand.
I thought so too.
But I owe you some money.
I was gonna wire it. but then
I thought I should bring it myself.
You owe me money? Since when?
Well. at the antique shop.
100 yuan.
That's nothing.
It's fine.
No. take it.
And I also owe you one more thing.
What is it?
Your cut. We made a promise.
What for?
We're partners. Don't you remember?
Yes. but what is it for?
Do you...
remember the jar
that the dragon's heart was in?
I happen to have it in my bag.
And it happens to be an ancient item.
200 years old.
It's worth 3 million yuan.
3 million yuan!
Three million yuan.
That's crazy.
Not so loud or we'll get robbed.
How have you been? Where did you go?
Oh. so many places.
Do you have time?
Yes. a lot.
Want to grab something
to eat to celebrate?
Yeah. let's go.
Here. my car.
-New car?
-New car.
I'm rich now.
-Rich?
-Because we have...
3 million yuan!
Shush. don't be so loud.
You are the one who's loud.
What should we eat?
I'll let you choose.
I don't know this area.
Hot pot?
Or do you want seafood?
There's this place
with delicious dipping sauce.
I know! I know!
Steak. Do you eat beef?
Yes. I can.
Steak is really good there.
Have you arrived?
See you in 30 minutes. Jackie.